- What is a scripting language?<br>In short, a scripting language is one which supports scripts.  These scripts are code that are run in live-time and so are dynamic, rather than requiring the need to be compiled and interpreted (static).  As such, scripting languages allow for live interaction with users directly via the interface.  An important example of a scripting language is Javascript, which allows users to interact directly in real-time through a web browser.<br><br>
- What is a variable?<br>A variable is a data structure that is used to store information used in a program.  As its name suggests, its value can vary.  We can set a variable to what we would like, or can design the program to be implemented such that it assigns a variable a value.  There are different variable types (e.g., numbers (integers or floats), strings (sets of characters), or boolean (true or false); as well as different variable scopes: global variables which can be used by the entire program; and local variables which are recognized only in the function or method in which they are introduced.<br><br>
- What is a string? An array? A boolean?<br>A string is a data structure, often implemented as a variable and is just a set of characters grouped together, such as a name, an address, a sentence, or a question.  Strings are differentiated from simple numbers in that they can include letters, spaces, and special characters (in addition to the numbers) and are generally denoted by being enclosed in single or double quotation marks to denote where the string starts and ends.  An array is a data structure which consists of one or more objects or variables.  Each member of an array has an index (beginning at 0) and a value, which is the object or variable associated with that index.  We can make multi-dimensional or 'nested' arrays by making one array within another array.  They need not be symmetric; for example, we can have an array which has one row with four entries, one row with two entries, and one row with three entries.  A boolean is a data type that is often used as a variable and can take on one of two values: true (1) or false (0).  Boolean expressions are useful when making comparisons and as conditional expressions in loops.<br><br>
- What are events?<br>
- Link to codeacademy profile: http://www.codecademy.com/albatross7817 <br>
- Code for Project Euler solution in file `project_euler_1.js`.<br>Copied Euler solution on April 6, 2015 at 11:44 am.<br>
